- I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU.
SOMEBODY JUST DROPS BY,
AND YOU'VE GOT
HOMEMADE COOKIES.
YOU'RE AMAZING.
- OH, YEAH, AMY,
I'M AMAZING.
I CAN TURN ON THE OVEN
AND CUT UP A LOG OF DOUGH.
- I NEVER GET THAT FAR.
I JUST PEEL BACK THE PLASTIC
AND EAT IT LIKE A BANANA.
- SO, AMY,
WHAT'S NEW WITH YOU, HMM?
- WELL, I JUST GOT
THE CORNER OFFICE--
- NO, NO, PAST THAT.
PAST THAT.
GET TO THE GOOD STUFF,
THE DATING SCENE.
- OH, YOU DON'T WANT
TO GO BACK THERE, DEB.
I FEEL LIKE
I'M ONE OF THOSE THINGS
ON THE SALAD BAR
THAT NOBODY TOUCHES
'CAUSE IT'S BEEN SITTING
OUT THERE TOO LONG.
- NO.
COME ON; ALL YOU NEED
IS A LITTLE SPRITZ OF WATER.
AND YOU SHOULD BE
MORE ASSERTIVE.
- NAH, THAT'S NOT ME.
MAYBE I'LL JUST WAIT
FOR ONE OF YOU GUYS.
- HEY.
- HI, ROBERT.
- HELLO.
- OH, ROBERT,
THIS IS MY FRIEND AMY.
WE USED TO WORK
AT THE P.R. FIRM TOGETHER.
THIS IS ROBERT,
RAY'S BROTHER.
- RAY'S BROTHER?
- MM.
- LISTEN, DEBRA, ONCE AGAIN
IT'S THAT TIME OF YEAR
WHERE I HAVE TO ASK YOU
TO LOOK DEEP INTO YOUR HEARTS
AND POCKETS
TO PLEDGE
YOUR CONTINUED SUPPORT
FOR THOSE OF US
WHO RISK OUR LIVES FOR YOU.
- YEAH, SURE, ROBERT.
HOW MUCH--
- LET ME FINISH.
YOUR $20 PLEDGE ENABLES US
TO UPGRADE OUR EQUIPMENT,
FUND OUR COMMUNITY OUTREACH
PROGRAM,
AND PROVIDE OUR CANINE DIVISION
WITH CRUNCHY TREATS.
THANK YOU.
- OH, I'VE GOT $20.
- THANK YOU, MA'AM,
FOR YOUR GENEROSITY.
YOUR CONTRIBUTION ENTITLES YOU
TO A REFLECTIVE DECAL.
- THANK YOU.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN
A POLICE OFFICER?
- 15 YEARS.
- ROBERT'S A SERGEANT.
- OH, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
TELL HER THAT.
OH, YOU MADE COOKIES, HUH?
- UH-HUH.
- I LOVE IT WHEN YOU BAKE.
- SO YOU'RE A POLICE SERGEANT.
YOUR WIFE MUST GET
WORRIED SICK ABOUT YOU.
- WELL, NOT AS SICK
AS SHE USED TO.
WE'RE DIVORCED.
- OH.
I'M SORRY.
- NO, NO.
IT'S ALL FOR THE BEST.
I'M MUCH HAPPIER NOW
THAN I USED TO BE.
- I JUST HAVE
SO MUCH RESPECT
FOR PEOPLE
IN YOUR LINE OF WORK.
- AH, IT'S JUST
HOURS OF BOREDOM
INTERRUPTED BY MOMENTS
OF UNBELIEVABLE HORROR.
- HEY, OH,
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
I GOT A LIGHT OUT
ON THE CEILING,
AND I DON'T HAVE A LADDER.
- SURE.
- UH, NO, NO.
ROBERT, YOU STAY HERE.
I'LL HELP YOU CHANGE IT.
- YOU?
YOU'RE A SHRIMP.
HOW MANY TIMES AM I GOING TO
HAVE TO THROW YOU UP THERE?
- JUST COME HERE, RAY,
ALL RIGHT?
- WHY? WHAT'S GOING ON?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
CAN'T YOU SEE THERE'S CHEMISTRY
HAPPENING IN THERE?
- CHEMISTRY?
OH, LOOK, ROBERT'S NOT READY
FOR CHEMISTRY, OKAY?
HE COULD BLOW UP, NOW.
HE'S STILL GUN-SHY
FROM HIS DIVORCE.
- BUT IT'S BEEN A YEAR
SINCE HIS WIFE LEFT HIM.
- SHE DIDN'T JUST LEAVE HIM.
SHE LEFT HIM FOR A GUY
HE ARRESTED, OKAY?
YOU DON'T GET OVER THAT FAST.
NO, NO, NO.
THIS ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN.
- WELL, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE WE CAN MAKE IT HAPPEN.
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
- [laughing]
- SEE, NOW, THAT'S SAD.
SHE'S LAUGHING AT HIM.
- - OKAY, AMY, I GUESS
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL.
- THAT'D BE GREAT.
I LOOK FORWARD TO IT.
- YEAH.
- THANKS AGAIN FOR THE DECAL.
- YOU OKAY, ROBERT?
- YEAH.
- I'VE NEVER SEEN HIM
THAT HAPPY.
- HEY, SQUIRT.
- HEY, HOW YOU--
OH, HER.
- HEY, DEBRA.
- HI, ROBERT.
- I TALKED TO YOUR FRIEND
THIS EVENING,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE GOING OUT.
- [gasps] OH, ROBERT,
THAT'S GREAT!
GOOD FOR YOU!
- I GOT TO GET OUT OF THIS.
- OH, COME ON.
YOU'RE JUST NERVOUS 'CAUSE
YOU HAVEN'T DATED FOR A WHILE.
- NAH, I'M NOT NERVOUS.
I JUST WANT OUT.
- OH!
- WELL, COME ON, YOU'VE GOT
PLENTY OF GOOD EXCUSES.
YOU'RE A COP.
HEY, HERE'S ONE.
TELL HER YOU GOT SHOT.
[chuckles]
- WOULD YOU SIT DOWN?
- HEY, NO, WHAT?
- HE SHOULD GO OUT
WITH HER.
- NO, NOT IF HE DOESN'T
LIKE HER, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF HE LIKES HER.
- DO YOU LIKE HER, ROBERT?
- I FELT A STIRRING.
- THAT'S TERRIFIC.
YOU SHOULD.
AMY'S A WONDERFUL GIRL.
WHAT IS IT
THAT YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT?
- ALL RIGHT, IT'S JUST--
JUST THAT I'VE BEEN
OUT OF THE LOOP
FOR A WHILE, YOU KNOW,
AND, WELL, MOST OF THE WOMEN
I TALK TO ARE IN HANDCUFFS.
AND THEN HALF OF THEM
TURN OUT TO BE MEN.
- LISTEN, YOU'LL BE FINE.
JUST RELAX.
- THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
- OH, LISTEN,
I GOT ADVICE FOR YOU.
WHEN YOU PICK HER UP,
YOU GOT TO REMEMBER
THAT YOU'RE OFF DUTY.
YOU KNOW, SO, LIKE, WHEN YOU--
WHEN OPEN UP
THE CAR DOOR FOR HER,
DON'T PUSH HER HEAD DOWN
LIKE THIS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THAT.
- ALL RIGHT, THANKS.
THAT'S GREAT, RAYMOND.
I APPRECIATE IT.
- ROBERT, YOU HAVE
A FASCINATING JOB,
SO JUST TALK ABOUT THAT,
'CAUSE AMY'S OBVIOUSLY
INTERESTED.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
LISTEN, LISTEN.
ON THE FIRST DATE,
IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHAT YOU DO ON THE DATE.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO SAYING GOOD NIGHT.
ARE YOU GOING TO KISS HER
GOOD NIGHT,
OR IS IT GOING TO BE
A HANDSHAKE?
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN'T ASSUME
THAT SHE WANTS A KISS.
SO--SO--
WELL, THIS IS WHAT I DO.
WHEN THE MOMENT ARRIVES,
YOU KIND OF LEAN IN
A LITTLE, YOU KNOW?
YEAH, YOU GOT TO SEE IF SHE'S
GOING TO RESPOND TO IT.
DON'T GO TOO FAR, THOUGH,
BECAUSE YOU REACH, LIKE,
A CERTAIN POINT,
AND YOU GOT TO GO IN;
YOU'RE COMMITTED.
AND THEN IF SHE'S NOT
EXPECTING A KISS,
THEN YOU GOT TO WHISPER
SOMETHING IN HER EAR.
"BOY, IT'S HUMID."
- OKAY, I APPRECIATE
ALL THE ADVICE.
THAT'S GREAT.
I--
IT'S STILL NOT GOING TO HELP ME
WITH MY BIGGEST PROBLEM.
- WHAT IS IT, ROBERT?
- WELL, AMY'S A LOVELY GIRL,
YOU KNOW.
SHE'S FEMININE,
DELICATE, ATTRACTIVE,
AND, UM, LOOK AT ME.
- OH!
- WELL--
YOU REALLY CAN'T CHANGE THAT,
ROBERT.
- OH.
RAY!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
ROBERT?
YOU'RE A VERY GOOD-LOOKING GUY.
- AH, I'M THE HULK.
- OH, COME ON.
COME ON, ROBERT.
YOU'RE NOT...GREEN.
- I'M JUST NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH MY APPEARANCE,
NEVER HAVE BEEN.
- YOU ARE BEING SILLY.
I MEAN,
YOU'RE VERY ATTRACTIVE.
YOU'RE TALL, DARK,
AND HANDSOME.
THAT'S WHAT
EVERY WOMAN WANTS.
- OH, DEBRA,
YOU'RE JUST SAYING THAT.
- NO, LISTEN.
I'VE ALWAYS FELT THAT WAY.
- YEAH, SEE?
THERE YOU GO, ROBERT.
- YES, IN FACT,
OF ALL THE BARONES,
I'D SAY THAT YOU ARE THE MOST--
- WHAT?
- THE M-MOST TALLEST
AND THE MOST D-DARKEST.
- WHAT--WHAT WERE YOU
GOING TO SAY THERE?
- NOTHING. I'M JUST TELLING
ROBERT HOW ATTRACTIVE HE IS.
- THANK YOU, DEBRA.
IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE A DATE WITH MISS AMY.
- BOY, IT'S HUMID.
- WOULD YOU TWO
LIKE TO BE ALONE?
- I GOT AN INGROWN THING.
I CAN'T, UH--
- YEAH.
RAY, IS THIS BECAUSE OF
WHAT I SAID DOWNSTAIRS
ABOUT ROBERT?
- DOWNSTAIRS?
SOMETHING ABOUT
HOW HANDSOME HE IS?
HOW IF YOU COULD DO IT
ALL OVER AGAIN, YOU'D MARRY HIM?
- NOW, COME ON.
I NEVER SAID
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
- WELL, YOU WERE ABOUT TO,
BUT YOU STOPPED
WHEN YOU SAW THE WARTHOG
YOU'RE STUCK WITH FOR LIFE
SITTING NEXT TO YOU.
- YOU DON'T THINK I THINK
YOU'RE ATTRACTIVE?
- [gargles and spits]
I DO.
I JUST--
I NEVER KNEW THAT YOU THOUGHT
ROBERT WAS MORE ATTRACTIVE.
- OH!
- LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
I GREW UP WITH ROBERT, OKAY.
I'VE SEEN PARTS OF HIM
THAT AREN'T SO PRETTY.
I'VE BEEN IN THE TUB
WITH THIS GUY.
- HONEY.
LISTEN, I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T REALIZE YOU WERE
SO SENSITIVE ABOUT YOUR LOOKS.
- WHO SAID THAT?
I NEVER SAID THAT.
IT'S THE TEETH, RIGHT?
- WHAT?
- YEAH, NOT ALL THE TEETH.
THE TOP TEETH ARE OKAY,
BUT THE BOTTOM TEETH--
LOOK.
UGLY, RIGHT?
- WELL, THAT.
- YEAH, SEE?
I KNEW IT.
- OH, RAY.
- YOU KNOW,
I'M A LOT BETTER LOOKING
WITH A SUNTAN.
- I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
- YOU SHOULDN'T LOOK AT MY FACE
WHEN IT'S RELAXED,
'CAUSE I'M A LOT
BETTER LOOKING
WHEN IT'S FLEXED.
JUST, YOU KNOW, IT'S HARD
TO TALK LIKE THIS.
- PLEASE KEEP IT FLEXED, THEN.
LOOK, RAY, I'M REALLY SORRY.
YOU KNOW, I JUST MISSPOKE.
YOU'RE THE MORE ATTRACTIVE ONE.
I MEAN THAT.
I REALLY DO.
SO CAN WE JUST, YOU KNOW,
FORGET THIS WHOLE THING,
ALL RIGHT?
JUST GO TO SLEEP, OKAY?
GOOD NIGHT.
- IT'S THE PORES
ON MY NOSE, RIGHT?
- THE PORES ON YOUR NOSE?
- YEAH.
I GOT THESE PORES.
THEY'RE LARGE.
THEY'RE LARGE PORES.
- THEY'RE REGULAR PORES, RAY.
YOU JUST THINK THEY'RE LARGE
BECAUSE YOU--
- BECAUSE?
BECAUSE?
BECAUSE THEY'RE ON
MY LARGE NOSE.
- NO, NO, NO.
NO, HONEY.
COME ON.
COME HERE, BABY.
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S OKAY, OKAY?
I DON'T WANT YOUR PITY.
- RAYMOND.
HELLO, DEAR.
- HI, MA.
HERE.
THANKS FOR THE THING HERE.
- YOU'RE WELCOME,
SWEETHEART.
YOU HUNGRY?
- NO, NO, NO.
- NO?
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
AT THE TOASTER FOR?
YOU WANT SOME TOAST?
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
- I GOT RAISIN BREAD.
- NO, MA, I'M NOT HUNGRY.
LISTEN, MA.
- YEAH.
- CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
- ANYTHING, DEAR.
- HOW DO I LOOK TO YOU?
- WHY?
ARE YOU SICK?
- NO.
- OH, YOU DON'T LOOK SO GOOD.
- MA.
- OH, NO, NO.
YOU DON'T LOOK GOOD.
OOH, YOU'RE PALE,
AND YOUR EYES ARE SUNKEN IN.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
- NOTHING!
- OH, DON'T LIE TO ME,
RAYMOND.
YOU LOOK AWFUL.
OH, HAVE SOME RAISIN TOAST.
- MA, STOP IT.
I'M NOT SICK, OKAY?
THIS IS HOW I ALWAYS LOOK.
BUT THANK YOU.
- SO THEN WHAT IS IT?
- I WAS JUST--
I WAS WONDERING,
BETWEEN ROBERT AND ME--
- OOH, WHERE IS ROBERT?
HE CALLED LAST NIGHT,
AND HE SAID
HE WASN'T COMING HOME.
- YEAH.
HE HAD A DATE.
- HE DID?
- YEAH.
- ROBERT HAD A DATE?
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
WHO IS SHE?
OH, I WOULD HAVE IRONED
HIS SHIRT FOR HIM.
I MEAN, THEY COULD HAVE
EATEN HERE.
I WOULD HAVE MADE
SOMETHING SPECIAL.
WHY DIDN'T HE TELL ME
HE HAD A DATE?
- BECAUSE OF THIS!
- I'M GLAD HE HAD A DATE,
AT LEAST.
I MEAN, HE'S BEEN
MOPING AROUND HERE
EVER SINCE THE DIVORCE.
I MEAN, SUCH A WASTE.
OH, HE'S SUCH
A GOOD-LOOKING BOY.
- SO YOU THINK SO TOO?
- OF COURSE.
WHO DOESN'T?
OH, EVERYBODY USED TO SAY
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL BOY
YOUR BROTHER WAS.
- WHAT ABOUT ME?
- WELL, YOU'RE ADORABLE.
- ADORABLE?
LIKE A HAMSTER?
- NO, LIKE A PERSON.
BUT, OH, YOUR BROTHER
USED TO TURN HEADS.
WHOO!
HE ALWAYS HAD THAT SORT OF
OLD-FASHIONED MOVIE-STAR LOOK
LIKE, UH, VALENTINO.
- OH, SO I SEE.
SO HE'S VALENTINO,
AND I'M FIEVEL.
- OH, SWEETHEART.
NO, BOTH OF MY BOYS
ARE GORGEOUS...
IN THEIR OWN WAY.
BUT I THINK THAT ROBERT SORT OF
TAKES AFTER ME A BIT MORE,
WHEREAS YOU FAVOR
YOUR FATHER.
- MARIE.
- YEAH.
WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN A BUNION AND A CORN?
- OH.
DO YOU KNOW
THAT YOUR SON HERE
DOESN'T THINK
HE'S GOOD-LOOKING?
- OH, JUST STOP IT.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOU'RE NOT GOOD-LOOKING?
YOU LOOK LIKE ME.
- THERE YOU GO.
DO YOU KNOW THAT ROBERT
IS STILL OUT ON HIS DATE
FROM LAST NIGHT?
- HEY, GREAT.
BACK IN THE SADDLE, HUH?
I WANT TO TURN HIS ROOM
INTO A STUDY.
- A STUDY? WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO STUDY, YOUR FEET?
- ALL RIGHT, I'M GOING, OKAY?
THANKS, MOM.
- RAY.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE JEALOUS
OF YOUR BROTHER.
I MEAN, CONSIDER ALL
THE WONDERFUL THINGS YOU HAVE.
- I KNOW. I KNOW. I KNOW.
- ACTUALLY,
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD
THAT YOU HAVE A BROTHER
WHO'S SO CLASSICALLY HANDSOME.
- ROBERT'S CLASSICALLY HANDSOME?
OH, WHAT WORLD ARE WE IN?
- COME ON, RAY.
EVERYBODY KNOWS ROBERT'S
THE LOOKER IN THE FAMILY.
- EVERYBODY KNOWS THIS?
ROBERT DIDN'T KNOW.
- WELL, WE DIDN'T WANT
TO TELL HIM, DEAR,
BECAUSE WE DIDN'T WANT HIM
TO GET A BIG HEAD.
- WE DIDN'T WANT
TO SCREW HIM UP.
- WELL, THAT WORKED OUT WELL.
- ROBERT!
- ANY ONE OF YOU HAPPEN TO CATCH
THE SUNRISE THIS MORNING?
BEAUTIFUL.
- YOU HAD A DATE.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
- GOOD FOR YOU.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
IT'S LIKE RIDING A BIKE, HUH?
- NO, NO,
THERE WAS NO CYCLING.
AMY IS 100% LADY.
WE SPENT THE EVENING
ENJOYING FINE FOOD,
CONVERSATION,
AND WE SPLIT A CLIP
AT THE SHOOTING RANGE.
- WELL, GOOD, I'M GLAD
IT WORKED OUT FOR YOU.
- WELL, HOW WAS YOUR NIGHT,
CUBBY?
YOU DON'T LOOK SO GOOD.
- YEAH, I KNOW.
- WHAT'S WITH HIM?
- HE'S JUST SENSITIVE.
- YEAH, BUT HE'S
SUCH A GREAT KID.
- OH, RAYMOND IS
THE KINDEST, SWEETEST BOY
IN THE WORLD,
THE KIND OF SON
THAT EVERY MOTHER HOPES FOR.
- RIGHT.
- OH, MAN.
- HELLO.
- HI.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
LOOK AT THIS.
CHOCOLATE PUDDING,
SPAGHETTI SAUCE,
AND GRAPE JUICE.
GOD, IT WAS LIKE
A PRISON RIOT IN HERE.
THANK GOD
THEY'RE ALL ASLEE--
[laughs]
HONEY, WHAT DID YOU DO?
- NOTHING, NOTHING.
WHAT?
- WELL, I MEAN,
WHAT DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR?
- IT'S MY NORMAL HAIR.
DON'T TOUCH IT.
- AND YOU HAVE A TAN,
DON'T YOU?
- NO, NO.
- YOU DO!
- NO!
- YOU WENT TO
ONE OF THOSE PLACES.
- FOR--
FOR HEALTH REASONS.
WHAT?
I LOOK GOOD, THOUGH, RIGHT?
- WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT'S NICE, BUT IT'S--
I MEAN, WHAT IS THIS WHOLE--
WHAT WAS THAT?
- NO, IT'S NOTHING.
THEY'RE NOTHING.
- LET ME SEE.
- THEY'RE PERSONAL--
THEY'RE PERSONAL PRODUCTS.
- OH, MY GOD.
WHAT IS THIS?
HAIR GEL.
HAIR MOUSSE.
HAIR VOLUMIZER?
- HAIR VOLUMIZER.
IT MAKES MY HAIR...LOUDER.
- WHAT IS ALL THIS STUFF?
DEEP PORE CLEANSER.
CLARIFYING LOTION?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT THIS STUFF IS FOR?
- WELL, THAT'S WHY I GOT
THE CLARIFIER.
- GOD, THEY SAW YOU COMING,
HONEY.
- NO, THEY DIDN'T.
I--THEY'RE EXPERTS IN THERE.
THEY ALL HAD LAB COATS ON.
I THOUGHT ALL THIS STUFF
WAS FOR WOMEN,
BUT THEY GOT A WHOLE LINE
OF CRAP FOR MEN.
- RAY, YOU ARE COMPLETELY
OUT OF YOUR MIND.
I SAY ONE THING
ABOUT YOUR BROTHER,
AND YOU TURN INTO
GEORGE HAMILTON.
- YEAH, OKAY,
BUT I LOOK BETTER NOW, RIGHT?
YEAH, SEE?
STILL NOT AS GOOD
AS ROBERT, RIGHT?
- AS GOOD AS ROBERT?
- YOU SAID THAT HE WAS
THE HANDSOME ONE.
- WELL, YES,
ROBERT'S HANDSOME,
BUT HE'S NOT
WHO I'M ATTRACTED TO.
- WELL, THEN WHO IS IT?
- IT USED TO BE YOU, RAY.
I MEAN, COME ON.
WHAT, DO YOU THINK ALL OF THIS
STUFF MAKES YOU SEXY?
THIS STUFF IS NOT YOU, RAY,
YOU KNOW?
AND THAT'S NOT WHAT I WANT.
I WANT MY REGULAR RAY.
THAT'S THE RAY
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED.
- ARE YOU SAYING, THEN,
THAT I'M SEXY?
I THINK I MIGHT NEED
A LITTLE MORE CONVINCING.
- OKAY.
OH, MY GOD.
WHO DID YOUR HAIR,
JIFFY LUBE?
- THAT'S THE DELUXE
FINISHER MODEL.
- YOU KNOW WHAT I FEEL LIKE
DOING RIGHT NOW?
- YEAH?
HEY, I GOT SOMETHING
FOR THAT TOO.
- I FOUND OUR SONG
THE OTHER DAY.
- SONG?
- MM-HMM.
- WHAT?
OH, NO.
["I'll Take You There" plays]
NO, NO.
NO DANCING.
- COME ON, RAY.
WHOO!
COME ON, BABY.
MOVE IT.
- I THOUGHT YOU WANTED ME
TO FEEL BETTER ABOUT MYSELF.
- [laughs]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I HEAR ROBERT IS
A VERY GOOD DANCER.
OH, YEAH.
- YOU KNOW, IN MY DAY,
DANCING USED TO LEAD
TO SOMETHING.
- OH, WELL, WE'LL SEE.
HEY, COME ON.
GIVE ME YOUR MOVE.
- YEAH?
- YEAH.
- ALL RIGHT, GIVE ME ROOM.
STAND BACK.
- OW!
OOH.
AW!
YEAH, BABY.
WHOO!
[laughs]
OH, AND TO THINK
YOU DOUBTED YOURSELF.
- SO YOU PUT THIS
ON YOUR FACE, HUH?
- YEAH, YEAH.
YOU JUST--YOU KIND OF
DAB IT UNDER YOUR EYES.
- LET ME ASK YOU,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT, HUH?
- OH, WOW.
THAT'S GOT A LITTLE GIDDYAP
TO IT.
- YEAH.
- YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T--DON'T SPRAY IT
ON YOUR WRIST.
WHAT YOU DO IS,
YOU SPRAY IT IN THE AIR,
AND THEN YOU JUST KIND OF
WALK THROUGH IT.
- YOU KNOW, I'VE GOT
THIS DRY PATCH HERE.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
THAT COULD HELP ME WITH THAT?
YOU KNOW, LIKE,
A LITTLE FLAKINESS.
- EXFOLIANT.
YEAH, YEAH.